README.md, before:

# AcademIQ: Unified Academic Information System 🎓
**One Campus. One Platform.**

AcademIQ is a centralized digital hub designed to streamline college communication. It eliminates the chaos of scattered WhatsApp groups and physical notice boards by bringing notices, calendars, and exam schedules into a single, real-time platform.

---

## 🚀 The Vision
In many Indian colleges, academic information is unorganized. Students miss updates, and admins struggle with manual distribution. **AcademIQ** solves this by providing a reliable, mobile-friendly source of truth.

## 🛠️ Technology Stack
- **Frontend:** Next.js (App Router), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend:** Firebase Authentication, Cloud Firestore
- **Deployment:** Firebase Hosting
- **Tools:** Firebase Studio, GitHub

## ✨ Core Features
- **Centralized Dashboard:** A personalized landing page for students with quick-access navigation.
- **Real-time Notice Board:** Instant updates on library closures, exam dates, and campus events.
- **Official Academic Calendar:** A color-coded calendar tracking holidays and instructional days.
- **Admin Panel:** Powerful CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) tools for college administrators.

## 📸 Screenshots
*Will be updated soon...stay tuned!*
> [Dashboard Preview] | [Notice Board Preview]

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Setup
To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repo:
   `git clone https://github.com/Shivam3635/AcademIQ.git`
2. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
3. Set up your Firebase environment variables in a `.env.local` file.
4. Run the development server:
   `npm run dev`

---

## 👨‍💻 Developed By
**Team:** Solo Innov8or
**Developer:** Shivam Singh (Solo)
**Campaign:** Techsprint | **Hackathon:** Codefront 2.0

Commit message:

docs: add development roadmap
Added project roadmap section with current status and issues.

README.md, after:

# AcademIQ: Unified Academic Information System 🎓
**One Campus. One Platform.**

AcademIQ is a centralized digital hub designed to streamline college communication. It eliminates the chaos of scattered WhatsApp groups and physical notice boards by bringing notices, calendars, and exam schedules into a single, real-time platform.

---

## 🚀 The Vision
In many Indian colleges, academic information is unorganized. Students miss updates, and admins struggle with manual distribution. **AcademIQ** solves this by providing a reliable, mobile-friendly source of truth.

## 🛠️ Technology Stack
- **Frontend:** Next.js (App Router), TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **Backend:** Firebase Authentication, Cloud Firestore
- **Deployment:** Firebase Hosting
- **Tools:** Firebase Studio, GitHub

## ✨ Core Features
- **Centralized Dashboard:** A personalized landing page for students with quick-access navigation.
- **Real-time Notice Board:** Instant updates on library closures, exam dates, and campus events.
- **Official Academic Calendar:** A color-coded calendar tracking holidays and instructional days.
- **Admin Panel:** Powerful CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) tools for college administrators.

## 🗺️ Project Roadmap
This project is developed using a structured issue-tracking workflow. Each feature and bug fix is tracked via GitHub Issues to ensure a robust and organized development process.

### **Current Status**
- [x] **Initial:** Project Blueprint & Tech Stack Setup
- [ ] **Issue #1:** Centralized Student Dashboard UI (Placeholder Data)
- [ ] **Issue #2:** Enhanced Academic Calendar with Event Categorization
- [ ] **Issue #3:** Fix Profile Icon Navigation (Redirect to Dashboard)
- [ ] **Issue #4:** Implement Secure Firebase Logout Logic
- [ ] **Issue #5:** Dynamic User Identity (Name & Email from Auth)
- [ ] **Issue #6:** Admin Panel with CRUD Functionality for Notices
- [ ] **Issue #7:** Implementation of Dynamic Collapsible Sidebar

---
*Note: Checkmarks indicate features that are fully implemented, tested, and pushed to the main branch.*

## 📸 Screenshots
*Will be updated soon...stay tuned!*
> [Dashboard Preview] | [Notice Board Preview]

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Setup
To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repo:
   `git clone https://github.com/Shivam3635/AcademIQ.git`
2. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
3. Set up your Firebase environment variables in a `.env.local` file.
4. Run the development server:
   `npm run dev`

---

## 👨‍💻 Developed By
**Team:** Solo Innov8or
**Developer:** Shivam Singh (Solo)
**Campaign:** Techsprint | **Hackathon:** Codefront 2.0
